---
layout: post
title:  "October 2020: TechFest preparation" 
date:   2020-10-14 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# Online Meeting 

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

## Topic: TechFest brainstorm 

Every year, professional and amateur organizations in the Dayton area 
dealing with science and technology put on [TechFest](http://www.techfestdayton.org/), 
a sort of reverse science fair... that is, grownups put together cool 
demos for kids to enjoy.  And, every year, DDL teams up with 
[DLUG](https://www.dma1.org/linux/) to put on a really good show and have some fun.

TechFest comes in February but applications are due at the end of 
October, so now is the perfect time to get together, figure out what 
we want to do, and start some exploratory hacking.
 
Here's the information we have from TechFest's organizers: 

    Due to Covid-19, the TechFest Committee has decided to hold a virtual event for 2021. We hope you will join us on February 13-14, 2021, as a virtual exhibitor! Exhibitors will be able to create a virtual exhibit booth to share their STEM experiences with our virtual attendees! The TechFest 2021 Exhibitor Application will open on September 21, 2020 and will close on October 31, 2020. 

    Virtual Exhibit Booths can fall into one of the following categories:

    - STEM Activity - Conduct an activity for others to follow along at home.

    - Demonstration - Share an exciting demonstration to help others learn about a STEM concept.

    - Informational - Share the history of an artifact, inventor, etc.

    Virtual booths will take place as pre-recorded video/media. In that video, you will have 10 minutes to share your activity, experiment, or information and then also share the URL with the audience.  We are also planning to include a link for each vendor in case “attendees” are interested and learning more.  This is where I could envision people accessing your URL. 
  
As usual, bring your grab bag of questions, thoughts, news, and 
projects to throw in the soup.  We always have a good discussion.

