---
layout: post
title:  "July 2021: Groovy" 
date:   2021-07-14 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# Topic: OpenOffice UNO Programming with Groovy

We have a local expert!  Carl Marcum has presented on Groovy at multiple 
national conferences, and now he brings his expertise home.

The talk will discuss using the Apache Groovy programming language with Apache OpenOffice UNO API's and some associated projects that allow this to happen.

Projects include:

1. Groovy UNO Extension that adds convenience methods to the OpenOffice API's allowing less coding.
2. An OpenOffice Extension that adds Groovy as a macro language to the office.
3. An associated extension to add sample macros to the office written in Groovy.
4. A command line extension project creation tool to generate Groovy AOO clients applications and extensions.

Examples of usages like Groovy scripts as OpenOffice client applications, OpenOffice macros in Groovy, and a compiled OpenOffice extension application in Groovy.




Apache Groovy is a powerful, optionally typed and dynamic language, with static-typing and static compilation capabilities, for the Java platform aimed at improving developer productivity thanks to a concise, familiar and easy to learn syntax. It integrates smoothly with any Java program, and immediately delivers to your application powerful features, including scripting capabilities, Domain-Specific Language authoring, runtime and compile-time meta-programming and functional programming.


As usual, bring your grab bag of questions, thoughts, news, and 
projects in or about any language to throw in the soup.  We always have a good discussion.



# In-person AND Online Meeting!

If you've been fully vaccinated, come down to 
[Brixx](https://www.brixxicecompany.com/) and fill your 
stomach and your brain, and see your DDL friends in the flesh at 
last. 

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've converted yourself to purely digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.


