---
layout: post
title:  "November 2023: Elixir"
date:   2023-10-08 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# November 2023: Elixir 

It's time to look at a new and fascinating dynamic language: Erlang!

Elixir is a dynamic, functional language for building scalable and maintainable applications.  Elixir is built on Erlang, known for creating low-latency, distributed, and fault-tolerant systems.  It adds Ruby-inspired syntax and capabilities.  The combination allows developers to be productive in several domains, such as web development, embedded software, machine learning, data pipelines, and multimedia processing, across a wide range of industries.  Wesley Giles will introduce us to this unique and powerful language.

## Location: Innovation Hub 

We meet in the [Innovation Hub](https://www.thehubdayton.com/), 
a gorgeous new facility that's part of the renovated Dayton Arcade complex.  
Enter through the doors that face the Wright Stop Plaza bus hub.

Street parking is free in the evening.  I usually park on Ludlow Street.

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've been exposed to COVID, or you've converted yourself to purely 
digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

