---
layout: post
title:  "March 2023: Tasket project review" 
date:   2023-03-08 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# March topic: Tasket project review 

Reviewing and discussing other people's projects, 
especially in a group, can be one of the best way to 
learn both specific programming techniques and more 
general programming principles.

Special guest Damien Calloway will take us through his
Python project, Tasklet, a command-line task manager.
He'll discuss the care and feeding of an open source project: 
a personal project to solve a personal problem.  He'll get 
into some insights gained by going through the process, 
getting an unexpected pull request, learning about Python 
packaging, why he chose the license he chose, etc.  

## Location: Innovation Hub 

We've begun to meet in the [Innovation Hub](https://www.thehubdayton.com/), 
a gorgeous new facility that's part of the renovated Dayton Arcade complex.  
Enter through the doors that face the Wright Stop Plaza bus hub.

Street parking is free in the evening.  I usually park on Ludlow Street.

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've been exposed to COVID, or you've converted yourself to purely 
digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

