---
layout: post
title:  "December 2023: Holiday You'll Log"
date:   2023-12-13 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# December 2023: Holiday You'll Log 

[Files from meeting](https://github.com/dayton-dynamic/dayton-dynamic.github.com/tree/master/meeting_notes/logging)

If your program is being naughty and not nice, you'd better see it when 
it's `sleep()`ing.  Generating records of what your program is up to can 
help you find what's wrong, both in the live debugging phase and when you 
get unexpected behavior later on.

You can do a lot better than slapping a bunch of print statements around. 
Proper logging libraries and techniques can keep your programs from getting 
stockings full of coal. 

Subtopics will include 

- Why proper logging is better 
- Handy f-string features 
- Python's standard `logging` module
- The vastly less annoying `loguru` library 
- The delightful *multi-language* logging library `icecream` (see, we are a multi-language group)
- Log viewers (cutelog)
- Log aggregation


## Location: Innovation Hub 

We meet in the [Innovation Hub](https://www.thehubdayton.com/), 
a gorgeous new facility that's part of the renovated Dayton Arcade complex.  
Enter through the doors that face the Wright Stop Plaza bus hub.

Street parking is free in the evening.  I usually park on Ludlow Street.

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've been exposed to COVID, or you've converted yourself to purely 
digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

