---
layout: post
title:  "September 2023: FastAPI workshop" 
date:   2023-08-09 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

@ September: FastAPI workshop 

FastAPI is a popular modern Python framework for both API services and more traditional web applications.  It is, well, fast, using Python's async to process requests in parallel.  It also leverages the powerful type specifications of Pydantic for rapid and elegant development that steers you firmly toward modern best practices.

For September, Wesley Giles will lead us in a hands-on workshop to build your first FastAPI service.  No script, no plan, no rules, just code and some friends.  Bring a laptop if you have one, or you can pair up with another attendee.

## Location: Innovation Hub 

We meet in the [Innovation Hub](https://www.thehubdayton.com/), 
a gorgeous new facility that's part of the renovated Dayton Arcade complex.  
Enter through the doors that face the Wright Stop Plaza bus hub.

Street parking is free in the evening.  I usually park on Ludlow Street.

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've been exposed to COVID, or you've converted yourself to purely 
digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

