---
layout: post
title:  "April 2026: Science, math, and Project Hail Mary"
date:   2026-04-08 19:00:00 -0400
categories: meeting
---

# April 2026: Science, Math, and Project Hail Mary 

_Project Hail Mary_ is an unusually science-based science
fiction story - especially the book.  Let's take the film's
success as an excuse to dig into some tools for working with 
science and math in Python and see if we can work out some 
problems that the book itself suggests.  

- Math in LaTeX and Jupyter 
- pint for units 
- sympy - symbolic math library
- Possibly more?

This will be a *lightly prepared* meeting; there will no 
doubt be a lot of live experimentation.  Bring any experience 
you have and a readiness to help question and experiment!


## Location: Innovation Hub 

We meet in the [Innovation Hub](https://www.thehubdayton.com/), 
a gorgeous new facility that's part of the renovated Dayton Arcade complex.  
Enter through the doors that face the Wright Stop Plaza bus hub.

Street parking is free in the evening.  I usually park on Ludlow Street.

*or* 

if for any reason coming downtown doesn't work for you (for instance, 
you've been exposed to COVID, or you've converted yourself to purely 
digital format and now exist as 
a set of cloud-hosted algorithms), we'll be online as well!  

Join us at 7 PM EDT on the PyFri Discord channel, [discord.gg/9SgTh3T](https://discord.gg/9SgTh3T), and click on the 
General voice chat link.  You may need to install the Discord desktop app rather than just using 
the web interface.

